feat(kselect, kmultiselect): dropdown footer text position prop [KHCP-6007] (#1121)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/multiselect.md

<KMultiselect dropdown-footer-text="Dropdown footer text" :items="items" />
```

### dropdownFooterTextPosition

> By default, element containing text you pass through `dropdownFooterText` will remain visible even if the content is scrolled. You can use this prop should you need to change that. Accepted values: `sticky`(default) and `static`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the dropdown footer text will be stuck to the bottom of the dropdown and will always be visible. If you want to override the behaviour and have the footer text at the end of the dropdown list, use the value `static`. 

Accepted values: `sticky` (default) and `static`
```

<KMultiselect dropdown-footer-text="Dropdown footer text" :items="items" />
```

### dropdownFooterTextPosition

> By default, the dropdown footer text will be stuck to the bottom of the dropdown and will always be visible even if the dropdown content is scrolled. If you want to override the behaviour and have the footer text at the end of the dropdown list, use the value `static`. This ensures the footer text is visible only when you scrolled to the bottom of the list. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the dropdown footer text will be stuck to the bottom of the dropdown and will always be visible even if the dropdown content is scrolled. 

If you want to override the behaviour and have the footer text at the end of the dropdown list, use the value `static`. This ensures the footer text is visible only when the user scrolls to view the bottom of the list. 
```
